Configure aggregated local tests (#427)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-kotlin-toolkit: README.md

Please see the [package structure](doc/general/developer_setup.md#package-structure) documentation for more details.

### Testing

In order to run *local* (non-instrumented) tests of all modules and get an aggregated test report, run the following at the root folder of the project:
```
./gradlew testAggregatedReport
```

> The test report for local tests can be located under `arcgis-maps-sdk-kotlin-toolkit/build/reports`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tests take about 5-10 minutes to run and the final report can be found in `arcgis-maps-sdk-kotlin-toolkit/build/reports`.
```

I find it helpful to know how long scripts take to run (do I have time and when do I start worrying it's stuck)

Author: I don't think we should add this type of info here. As we add more tests, this time will likely increase, so the numbers wouldn't reflect reality anyway, unless we keep this info updated, which is not the point of this doc from my POV.
